README.md, before:

# Route Visualization App

This web application allows users to visualize routes between locations using natural language queries. It leverages the Mapbox API for mapping and routing, and the Google Gemini API for natural language processing.

## Features

- Natural language route queries (e.g., "Show me a route from London through Paris to Berlin avoiding tolls")
- Support for multiple waypoints
- Route preferences (avoid tolls, highways, ferries)
- Different transportation modes (driving, walking, cycling)
- Interactive map visualization

## How to Use

1. Enter your query in the search box using natural language
2. Click the Search button
3. The application will process your query and display the route on the map

## API Keys

This application requires two API keys to function:

- **Mapbox API Key**: Used for mapping and routing functionality
- **Google Gemini API Key**: Used for natural language processing

When you first load the application, you will be prompted to enter these API keys. They will be stored in your browser's local storage for future use.

### How to Get API Keys

- **Mapbox API Key**: Sign up at [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) and create a token
- **Google Gemini API Key**: Sign up for [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) and create an API key

## Privacy Note

Your API keys are stored only in your browser's local storage and are not transmitted to any server except the respective API services (Mapbox and Google).

## Development

To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repository
2. Rename `config-template.js` to `config.js` and add your API keys
3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server

Commit message:

Prepare for GitHub Pages deployment - v1.0.0-secure with API keys secure and Map loaded properly

README.md, after:

# Route Visualization App

**Version: 1.0.0-secure** - *API keys are secure and Map is loaded properly*

This web application allows users to visualize routes between locations using natural language queries. It leverages the Mapbox API for mapping and routing, and the Google Gemini API for natural language processing.

## Features

- Natural language route queries (e.g., "Show me a route from London through Paris to Berlin avoiding tolls")
- Support for multiple waypoints
- Route preferences (avoid tolls, highways, ferries)
- Different transportation modes (driving, walking, cycling)
- Interactive map visualization
- **Secure API key handling** - All API keys are handled server-side

## How to Use

1. Enter your query in the search box using natural language
2. Click the Search button
3. The application will process your query and display the route on the map

## API Keys

This application requires two API keys to function:

- **Mapbox API Key**: Used for mapping and routing functionality
- **Google Gemini API Key**: Used for natural language processing

When you first load the application, you will be prompted to enter these API keys. They will be stored in your browser's local storage for future use.

### How to Get API Keys

- **Mapbox API Key**: Sign up at [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) and create a token
- **Google Gemini API Key**: Sign up for [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) and create an API key

## Security Implementation

This application uses a server-side proxy approach to handle API keys securely. API keys are stored in environment variables on the server and are never exposed to the client-side code, ensuring they cannot be viewed or extracted by users.

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone this repository
2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:
   ```
   MAPBOX_TOKEN=your_mapbox_token_here
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key_here
   ```
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Start the server: `npm start`
5. Access the application at http://localhost:8080

## Development

To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repository
2. Rename `config-template.js` to `config.js` and add your API keys
3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server

## GitHub Pages Deployment

This application is deployed on GitHub Pages. Since GitHub Pages only supports static websites, you'll need to use the server-side version locally for full functionality with secure API key handling.

Visit the live demo: [Route Visualization App](https://your-username.github.io/route-visualization-app/)

*Note: The GitHub Pages version is clearly marked with a version badge (v1.0.0-secure) indicating that API keys are securely handled and maps are properly loaded.*

For detailed deployment instructions, see [GITHUB_PAGES.md](GITHUB_PAGES.md).
